Unknown Speaker  0:03  
So one or the other while maybe other competitors in the market

Zachariah James Turangi Potae  0:46  
did he mention that to George mentioned it in the meeting on Friday I can't remember

Unknown Speaker  0:55  
else they don't like how last one

Unknown Speaker  1:08  
that was always like market research I kind of see what they feel comparisons and put it up while the point that what they're selling and what they did was good it discovered the social shelter but I don't think you need to show your fine bye bye I've been doing it because already I can use it but it's just that

Zachariah James Turangi Potae  1:54  
No, I don't think it is.

Unknown Speaker  1:57  
I don't think my point is I can't pick up the market researcher. I'll do it like it's not my job. I'm not gonna have the wild

Andrea Bredl  2:15  
the research as well, which is fine, but then we might need to split it up differently. I mean, I don't know how much research we're going to do or whether we just gonna, like compare it to other things.

Unknown Speaker  2:31  
I do worry about it because it's like, maybe I'll do my and then like let's see how it goes in now. That's not how it was scaling things I guess. Because other otherwise

Unknown Speaker  2:55  
you're gonna get away are you able to do with it? I don't like the whole lineup or how was the truth for now

Unknown Speaker  3:57  
here we are now all the way up. What we're doing at the moment looks like that way I don't know that you can correct me but my understanding is that you want things for all the different bases

Zachariah James Turangi Potae  4:40  
Yeah, cuz I think of them sorry

Unknown Speaker  4:58  
and then what we're actually going to correct but we have met the project plan and the plan to go over the whole year. Yeah, but we don't know what we can get. Yeah, so we need to put the basic ones, there's some little like the well

Zachariah James Turangi Potae  5:30  
you have a testing and then maybe be more specific and then specification like user testing, final testing whatever.

Unknown Speaker  5:45  
Certain things that you're working on and then you can give them something for. Free, but you were saying something

Zachariah James Turangi Potae  6:28  
saying the we just use the stuff from the other Gantt chart we can just put it in but add into the iterations

Unknown Speaker  6:41  
iteration because you do look at the in line iteration for each block is that you want so and so it's quite straightforward, but it's cost the whole entire duration of money. So just like manipulate and update, appreciate you just need to show him like you put in something that has made the slide relatively sense relative to the task. That should be fine. Doesn't have to work and evidence finding versus. Testing as we go and then fixing bubble so that it's going to have an employment may not so yeah.

Unknown Speaker  7:38  
Yeah, it's important that we reflected in the iteration that we have

Unknown Speaker  7:47  
and stand up and all that kind of thing. Okay, I'm not sure do you need to put that in as well. So it will be the same the structure will be the same just repetitively, of course each and finally different time and maybe in the beginning your score will have a lot of planning. And then at the end, you will have a lot of testing and features in the timeline

Unknown Speaker  8:07  
for him first and second, so maybe you can put heavier on that first and second, and then later on would be development, testing. Something like that it quite safely, I think because I'll be working from home tomorrow. So I know like, but I'm speaking. So I'll try to tell you let me know give me now try to give me a chance to jump in. But otherwise, go ahead. Do record please thank you

Unknown Speaker  9:19  
bye. Don't be swine to kind of sense that. So yeah,

Unknown Speaker  9:25  
yeah, but we can all our conferences so I want to actually raise that as well. By the way, not that anyone really has been meeting with him, but in my opinion, there's been nothing like a real thing or whatever, but we probably need to do that otherwise I don't

Transcribed by https://otter.ai
